[v2.15.0] Add deprecation notice for Ember-based UI plugins for cluster and node drivers (#1282)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/rancher-admin/global-configuration/provisioning-drivers/provisioning-drivers.adoc

:xref-infra-vsphere: xref:how-to-guides/new-user-guides/launch-kubernetes-with-rancher/use-new-nodes-in-an-infra-provider/vsphere/index.adoc
endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Starting in Rancher v2.11.0, Ember-based UI plugins for cluster and node drivers are deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see:

Reviewer: The message you're currently adding on this line is what's being replaced in https://github.com/rancher/dashboard/ for 2.15. The "future release" where the removal happens is 2.15.

```suggestion
In Rancher v2.11 Ember-based UI plugins for cluster and node drivers were deprecated. They have been removed as of v2.15. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see:
```

[#_cluster_drivers]
== Cluster Drivers

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Starting in Rancher v2.11.0, Ember-based UI plugins for cluster drivers are deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see https://extensions.rancher.io/extensions/provisioning/hosted-provider/overview[Custom Hosted Provider (Cluster Drivers) UI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rancher v2.11 Ember-based UI plugins for cluster and node drivers were deprecated. They have been removed as of v2.15. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see https://extensions.rancher.io/extensions/provisioning/hosted-provider/overview[Custom Hosted Provider (Cluster Drivers) UI].
```

[#_node_drivers]
== Node Drivers

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Starting in Rancher v2.11.0, Ember-based UI plugins for node drivers are deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see https://extensions.rancher.io/extensions/provisioning/node-driver/overview[Custom Node Drivers UI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rancher v2.11 Ember-based UI plugins for cluster and node drivers were deprecated. They have been removed as of v2.15. Migrate your plugins to the https://extensions.rancher.io/[UI Extensions Framework]. For details, see https://extensions.rancher.io/extensions/provisioning/node-driver/overview[Custom Node Drivers UI].
```
